Are there any outsiders here?
You better not say that again
You'd better go abroad and hide for a while
If I do have children
I will give birth
I will find a way for you to meet the child
You'd better stop talking.
You have to leave today, I'm really not afraid
In fact, I am you
Don't say unrealistic things.
Even if you flee abroad
There is still some danger
If I do have children
I will go to the hospital for examination.
If there is any situation, it will be stipulated immediately.
This is the maximum I can do.
Do you understand?
OK, then I'll go and stabilize them first
I'll go together in a while
Contact me then.
Forget it, I'll pursue everything in three days anyway
He doesn't believe anything he says now
It's about to arrive at the inheritance ceremony of the Lord
You are jealous of others at this time
Beaten up like this
If the Lord hears this
The shame is on your mother.
I didn't expect him to hit me
Besides, that old convict didn't just beat me
It's our Lei family who still wants the Kunlun lineage?